added release notes for 10.14.0.370 (#227)
SoftwareAG/c8y-releasenotes: content/release-10-14-0/platform-10-14-0-bundle/10-14-0-370.md

---
weight: 16
title: Release 10.14.0.370
layout: bundle
---

<!--10.14.0.349 - 10.14.0.370-->

### Fixes

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>Administration</td>
<td>Fixed an issue with the names of the files downloaded from the platform (for example, from the file repository or from event attachments). UTF-8 characters, for example, in the Japanese localization are no longer missing if the file name includes special characters like "+".</td>
<td>MTM-53056</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Authentication</td>
<td>Validation issues with the minimum and maximum values for the session renewal timeout in the OAI-Secure configuration have been resolved. The correct minimum and maximum values are now displayed.</td>
<td>MTM-52678</td>
<td>UI</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Core platform</td>

> <td>Fixed an issue with paging parameters ignored for the GET <code>/cep/modules</code> endpoint.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td>Fixed an issue with paging parameters being ignored by the GET <code>/cep/modules</code> endpoint.</td>
```
